Rework spec headings (#602)
opencontainers/distribution-spec: spec.md

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Historical Context](#historical-context)
  - [Definitions](#definitions)
  - [Notational Conventions](#notational-conventions)
- [Use Cases](#use-cases)
- [Conformance](#conformance)

> - [Requirements](#requirements)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Workflow Requirements by Category](#requirements)
```

## Conformance

For more information on running conformance tests against a registry, please see the [conformance README](./conformance/README.md).

Registry providers can self-certify by submitting conformance results to [opencontainers/oci-conformance](https://github.com/opencontainers/oci-conformance).

Accepted conformance results can be viewed at [conformance.opencontainers.org](https://conformance.opencontainers.org/).

## Requirements

> Registry APIs are grouped into the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registry conformance API requirements are grouped into the following categories:
```

Author: I was intentionally dropping "conformance" from this one since the v2 tests aren't using these 4 categories. The new configuration will have more granularity: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/pull/588/changes#diff-00f6faeb7ace2e3c6c27191f37e7110d24daeb450260efb81a141fa9fb0cc16bR57-R65

Reviewer: nod.. 

still these are conformance requirements to the APIs grouped by category..

Author: Hi @mikebrow , would you like these suggestions to be blocking, or may this be merged and we can iterate with a separate PR?

Reviewer: iteration is fine.. these requirements remain in the conformance requirements section thus at least by heading are still conformance requirements...
